[docs] Add CSS variables documentation for Material UI (#33958)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/overview.md

## Advantages

- It lets you prevent the [dark-mode SSR flickering](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/27651).
- You can create unlimited color schemes beyond `light` and `dark`.
- It offers a better debugging experience not only for developers but also designers in your team as well.
- The color scheme of your website is automatically synced between browser tabs.
- It simplifies the integration with third parties because the CSS theme variables are available globally.
- It reduces the need of a nested theme when you want to apply dark styles to a specific part of your application.

## Trade-offs

For server-side application, there are some trade-offs that are worth noticing:

|                                                      | Compare to the default method | Reason                                                                                                       |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | HTML size                                            | bigger                        | CSS variables are generated for both light and dark mode at built time.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTML size                                            | bigger                        | CSS variables are generated for both light and dark mode at build time.                                      |
```

| [First Contentful Paint (FCP)](https://web.dev/fcp/) | larger                        | Since the HTML size is generally bigger, the time to download the HTML before showing the content is longer. |

> | [Time to Interactive (TTI)](https://web.dev/tti/)    | Smaller (for dark mode)       | The stylesheet are not regenerated between light and dark mode, so it takes less time for javascript to run. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Time to Interactive (TTI)](https://web.dev/tti/)    | Smaller (for dark mode)       | Stylesheets are not regenerated between light and dark mode, so it takes less time for JavaScript to run. |
```

:::warning

> ⚠️ The comparison described in the table might not be eligible for large and complex applications since there are a lot of factors that can impact the metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The comparison described in the table above may not be applicable to large and complex applications since there are so many factors that can impact performance metrics.
```

:::

## Mental model

> Adopting CSS variables requires some mental model shift when it comes to theming and customization between user selected modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopting CSS variables requires some shifts in your mental model of theming and customizing user-selected modes.
```

### Colors

**[Default approach](/material-ui/customization/dark-mode/)**: Light and dark colors are created separately.

```js
const lightTheme = createTheme();

const darkTheme = createTheme({
  palette: {
    mode: 'dark',
  },
});
```

**CSS theme variables**: Light and dark colors are consolidated into a theme.

```js
// `extendTheme` is a new API
const theme = extendTheme({
  colorSchemes: {
    light: { // palette for light mode
      palette: {...}
    },
    dark: { // palette for dark mode
      palette: {...}
    }
  }
})
```

### Styling

> **Default approach**: usually relies on javascript to switch the value between modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Default approach**: Usually relies on JavaScript to switch the value between modes:
```

```js
createTheme({
  components: {
    MuiButton: {
      styleOverrides: {
        root: ({ theme }) => ({
          // use javascript conditional expression
          color: theme.palette.mode === 'dark' ? '#fff' : theme.palette.primary.main,
        }),
      },
    },
  },
});
```

> **CSS theme variables**: the styling leans toward cascading and specificity by using the appropriate selector which lets you prevent the [dark-mode SSR flickering](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/27651).:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CSS theme variables**: Styling leans toward cascading and specificity by using the appropriate selector which lets you prevent [dark-mode SSR flickering](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/27651):
```

```js
extendTheme({
  components: {
    MuiButton: {
      styleOverrides: {
        root: ({ theme }) => ({
          color: theme.vars.palette.primary.main,

>           // When mode becomes dark, the attribute selector is attached to the <html> by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          // When the mode switches to dark, the attribute selector is attached to the <html> tag by default.
```

          '[data-mui-color-scheme="dark"] &': {
            color: '#fff',
          },
        }),
      },
    },
  },
});
```

## What's next

> - To start a new project with CSS theme variables, check out the [basic usage](/material-ui/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/usage/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To start a new project with CSS theme variables, check out the [basic usage guide](/material-ui/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/usage/).
```

> - For an existing Material UI project, check out the [migration guide](/material-ui/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/migration/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For an existing Material UI project, check out the [migration guide](/material-ui/experimental-api/css-theme-variables/migration/).
```
